		Readme for the Euclid kernel

WHAT IS EUCLID?

  The Euclid kernel is a hobby `toy OS' project written by myself (Chris
  Cummins) in my free time as a means for better understanding the internals of
  a computer operating system, by writing one. The name is a nod to Euclid's
  Elements, a mathematical teatrise in which the author begins with a small
  handful of axioms with which he methodically constructs a vast landscape of
  proofs in geometry, far beyond the scope of his humble opening
  statements. When writing an operating system kernel, the author must begin
  with a small handful of tools ("wtf, not even standard libraries!?") and
  construct a full system to bridge the gap between hardware and userspace
  programs.

  The intention of this project is not to produce a complete operating system,
  but I am instead using it as an opportunity to explore some of the fascinating
  challenges involved in kernel development, drawing inspiration heavily from
  existing mature projects and UNIX-like systems, with particularly heavy credit
  owed to the Linux kernel.

ON WHAT HARDWARE DOES IT RUN?

  The kernel is written for the x86 series of microprocessors, although an
  effort has been made to abstract architecture-specific code and create an
  interface for easily porting the software to other architectures.

DOCUMENTATION:

  Extra documentation files can be found under the Documentation directory.
  Since the purpose of this project is educational, the source code is
  documented quite heavily, withf comments being liberally used in an
  explanatory fashion as well as to clarify intent. For some relevant reading
  material that is not specific to the Euclid kernel, see the REFERENCES section
  below.

CONTRIBUTING:

  This is a personal project and I do not anticipate that it should have a wide
  userbase; however, as a developer, the small size of the project coupled with
  the wide open challenges of creating a full operating system kernel offers
  many hacking opportunties. Feel free to fork and send pull requests on GitHub,
  using the main Euclid repository:

	https://github.com/ChrisCummins/euclid

  If you do not have a GitHub account, patches can be sent over email to
  <chrisc.101@gmail.com>. Please use git format-patch (1) for generating these
  patches.

REFERENCES:

  Below is a list of resources and texts that I have enjoyed and found useful
  while working on this piece of software:

	Love, Robert (2010). Linux Kernel Development: A thorough guide to the
	design and implementation of the Linux kernel, 3rd edition. ISBN-13:
	978-0672329463.

	Malloy, James (2008). JamesM's kernel development tutorials. Available
	at: http://www.jamesmolloy.co.uk/tutorial_html/

	Kernighan, Brian W. and Ritche, Dennis (1988). The C Programming
	Language, 2nd edition. ISBN-13: 978-0131103627.
